[ENH] Add custom thumbnails for failing examples (#1313)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

:ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_plot_4b_provide_thumbnail.py` for an example of
this functionality.

.. _failing_thumbnail:

Controlling thumbnail behaviour in failing examples
===================================================

By default, expected failing examples will have their thumbnail image as a
stamp with the word "BROKEN". This behaviour is controlled by
``sphinx_gallery_failing_thumbnail``, which is by default ``True``. In cases

> where control over the thumbnail image is desired (e.g. the default behaviour
> of using the first figure created, using a specific image, etc...), this should
> be set to ``False``::

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
where control over the thumbnail image is desired, this should be set to
``False``. This will return thumbnail behaviour to 'normal', whereby
thumbnail will be either the first figure created (or the
:ref:`default thumbnail <custom_default_thumb>` if no figure is created)
or :ref:`provided thumbnail <providing_thumbnail>`::

```
